Phone prototype with OAuth2 testing plan.

1. Standard usage

1.1	Starts client.
Check javascript console logs:
    In current keycloak settings access token is valid during 600 seconds.
    Client should each 10 minutes update access token, and use it to send next SIP REGISTER
    This test take 25..35 minutes.

1.2 Let client send wrong token value in the first REGISTER, or INVITE
    Check logs (SBC should answer 401 to REGISTER with wrong token value)
    
    To enable the test mode, open console, and type:
      localStorage.setItem('authTests', 'r1 i1'); 

    To disable the test mode, open console, and type:
    localStorage.removeItem('authTests');

    Tests: user, r1, r0, i1, i0 see description in tutorial.html    
    
1.3 Call to other user. 
    Check that in INVITE used Authorization with token.
   
1.4 Hold/Uhnold call.
    Check that in re-INVITE don't used Authorization.
    Hangup the call.

2. Network disconnection during client usage.
2.1 Starts client.
    Check that it sent REGISTER
    Disconnect computer from network (disable network adapter)   
    Connect computer to internet (enable network adapter)
    Check that client re-establish connection with SBC
    Check that after 10 minutes, update token will successfully update token
    (so it will re-establish connection with keycloak server)
   
2.2 Change computer connection (disable local network connection and enable DMZ or Wifi)
    Do the same as 2.1, but instead disable/enable the same network interface.
    Disable one interface, and enable other.
    (for example disable local LAN, and enable DMZ or WiFi interface)    
   
3. Terminate keycloak session during client usage.

3.0 Connect to keycloak admin console and terminate keycloak session.
   
   A. Select user
   
   via 'Manage Users'
     In the left menu: click Manage Users
     Press button: Show all users
     Find user by name. Click to id of the user.

   or via 'Manage Sessions'   
     In left menu click Manage Sessions
     On top click client: 'WebRTCDemo'
     On top right click 'Show sessions'
     Find user by name, click user name.
 
   B. Logout session
    Press 'Session' on top
    Select some session and press 'Logout'

3.1 Terminate keycloak session during client registration sequence
   Start client.
   Terminate keycloak session.
   Wait next update token.
   In the case next update of access token will fail, 
   and user will be asked re-type user name and password.
   Phone HTML page will be switched to keycloak authentication HTML page.
   Check that next update token will be successful

3.2 Terminate keycloak session when client has open call.
   Open call (and don't hangup it).
   Terminate keycloak session of tested user.
   Wait until next update token will be called.
   In the case update token will fail, but switch to registration page will be postponed until the call termination.
   If call duration > 10 minutes, can be seen that next REGISTER will failed, because token is obsolete and don't updated.
   Try to connect tested user from other phone. SBC should answer 404 ('Not found')
   Terminate the call, check that user will be asked re-type user name and password.
   
   
3.3. Test how client work with entering user name and password.
   According keycloak settings entering user name and password is rare event.
   (for example one time in day or week)
   
   Logout in client: press settings, and press 'logout' button.
   or  terminate user session via keycloak admin console.
   
   Client will asked enter user name and password.
   Enter user name and password.
   Check that client is successfully registered in SBC.
   Reload phone page. Now client will not ask user name & password
   Stop the client.
   Start the client again. (name & pasword should not be asked)